Update lamarzocco documentation (#38810)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lamarzocco.markdown

If your Home Assistant host can perform [DHCP discovery](https://www.home-assistant.io/integrations/dhcp/), your machine will be discovered automatically. Otherwise, if your machine is in Bluetooth range to your Home Assistant host and the [Bluetooth](/integrations/bluetooth) integration is fully loaded, the machine will be discovered as well.

> By default, this integration will receive push updates from the cloud about its general status and otherwise query your machine every 30 seconds for an update, every 15 minutes for new statistics, and every hour for a firmware update.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, this integration will receive push updates from the cloud about its general status. In addition, the integration queries your machine every 30 seconds for an update, every 15 minutes for new statistics, and every hour for a firmware update.
```
Tiny rephrase. Please correct me if I misunderstood this.

Author: not quite, it'll only query if the poll doesn't succeed hence the "otherwise"

Reviewer: oh, I see. all good then. Thank you for clarifying.
